well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we are going to talk
about intelligence and how it works
talk about who is responsible and talk
about how we are moving through the the
typical cycle of trunk deflection very
very quickly so it's already started you
know anytime Trump gets in trouble it
starts with the idea of I didn't know
it's not real even if I had known I did
it perfectly and then we moved to the
blame Democrats face we're already
starting to head that because I'm
already seeing articles pushing the idea
that Schiff who's on the Intelligence
Committee well he knew he knew shortly
after the president or at the same time
as the president he knew you know what
that's that's probably true that that's
probably true in fact I'm gonna go one
step further I'm gonna say that shift
knew before the president shift knew
first because he actually attends his
briefings and if he can't make it he
sends a staff member so I'm going to
suggest that shifts team knew before the
president now what the idea is that well
he should have called hearings on it
then if he wants hearings now no that's
not how this works
if you're ship and you're operating
under the assumption that the President
of the United States cares about the
lives of American soldiers you wouldn't
do that because you would expect a
response would be in the works
holding hearings on something while
there are special operators or
intelligence people out in the field
working on it is what those people out
in the field those people who are at
risk that's what they would call totally
uncool because it puts them at risk it
discloses what they're doing we've
talked about it before secrets or
secrets not really because of the
information in them but how they're
gathered it puts those people at risk no
he shouldn't have held hearings on it
right then that would have been a really
bad idea
and no he couldn't have directed the
intelligence community to do something
that's not how this works this
deflection is counting on the fact that
Republicans do not understand how the
government works I'm going to read you a
mission statement preempt threats and
further US national security objectives
by collecting intelligence that matters
producing objective all sourcing
analysis conducting effective covert
action as directed by the president
the CIA works for the president the
intelligence community works for the
president military intelligence works
for the president they don't work for
Congress they don't take orders from
Congress chef's cannot directed them to
do anything that's not how the
government works if Trump wants to
deflect blame away from himself the only
person he can push it to is the Director
of National Intelligence is appointing
Congress can't control this they can do
hearings to gather information and maybe
pass legislation to direct policy that's
it
they do not control intelligence
operations that's not a thing the
attempt to deflect this to Schiff
because he's a good target even though
there's a whole bunch of other people on
the Intelligence Committee who would
have been briefed on this at the same
time or in the Senate there's a whole
bunch of people who would have got this
information at the same time they've
chosen Schiff because he's already
disliked by the base so he makes a good
scapegoat that that's it he could have
done nothing there there's nothing that
he could have accomplished he can't call
up whiningly and be like hey y'all need
to handle this they don't take orders
from him they can't call up the Pentagon
and say hey you know your guys in the
field are saying this happened
he can't do anything the one thing that
he could do is hold hearings which would
be really inadvisable because that would
put the people in the field at risk and
Schiff unlike the president apparently
cares about that this is a horrible
deflection it's once again counting on
the fact that Trump's base is ignorant
they're there they're actually basing
their talking points around the idea
that his voters are too ignorant of how
the government works to understand how
silly these claims are if you have
missed it everybody's confirming this
now even even elements within the people
that accepted the money are confirming
this now it's not unverified that's not
a thing this is a story that should not
go away now something I don't think I've
made this clear in videos the ROO meant
on this goes back I don't know maybe
eight years into Obama's administration
I want to be real clear on that the the
rumors about this occurring have gone
back a long long time however the actual
intelligence on it came in during the
Trump administration and it made it into
the presidential Daily Brief
during the Trump administration I
believe on February 27th
and that is when some form of action
would have been required and at this
point the administration still isn't
acting because they believe Putin no
protest no diplomatic protests no
withdrawing support for their
international projects and I think this
doesn't have to be a military response
it shouldn't be really until the other
stuff is exhausted once it's exhausted
then yeah
there there could be some some low
intensity things that are done people
are framing this as ignore it or go to
war with Russia those are not the
options I mean those aren't even options
really on the table in the same world
once again that talking point is
counting on the idea that trumps base is
ignorant that's what they're counting on
now they are crafting their talking
points around the idea that their voters
don't understand the very basics of how
this stuff works anyway it's just a
fault y'all y'all have a good day